this is Captain America the First
Avenger movie series red skull the
figure on the left is the first release
or the first version or regular version
and obviously the figure on the right is
the variant the the regular version is
part of wave 2 and the variant is part
of wave 3 between require series of
Captain America movie figures here is a
quick look at the packaging both of them
share the same packaging because
obviously is a variant so they'll have
the same box
they're both figure number 0 8 and as I
said he's from wave 2 and he's from wave
3 here is the rest of the assortment
both figures have the same card back and
will have the same picture and list of
assortments at the back so Johann
Schmidt's a leader of Hydra it's a great
great figure I'm actually quite
impressed with this one the way the the
Hasbro has developed this the sculpt of
this figure the colour scheme I actually
like this one this figure very much the
only problem I have with it is you'll
since they're short packed there's only
one per case of 12 it's very difficult
to find one with really really
near-perfect pane apps you'll have to go
through several stores or if you're
lucky you can go to a big store that has
a lot of these figures and really search
through the pegs and then find one with
very good decent pane apps which is very
difficult to do because a lot of
collectors will be after this one and if
you're if you're if you're looking for
this one to get any of these and you
want decent paying apps the first thing
you want to check is obviously the head
sculpt make sure the eyes are painted
very well make sure the teeth are
painted evenly and that there's a good
mix of red and
shed and great dark gray shades on the
skull this one on mine there's like an
off spot underneath the eye of black the
nose is fine just make sure you get one
with evenly spread it's like a wash it's
like a dark gray wash then check the
collar the collar make sure that the
outline is painted well enough then
check the buttons the belt buckle and
then the lines everything else seems to
be fine the same is true for this figure
check the head sculpt the collar the
collar yeah collar and then the the
buttons and the way the stripes are
painted in the belt because you can see
there's still some pain imperfections on
the ones I've gotten but they're the
best ones I could find so very very cool
this figure is really just meant to be
standing to be not in too many action
poses although he has some decent
articulation the molded plastic that
forms part of his uniform really hinders
his legs from a lot of movement
particularly the first version the first
version is very very tight and very firm
not type a very firm piece of plastic
while be on the very end it's a little
bit softer so you either as more leeway
for you to pose the legs articulation
wise he's got a ball jointed neck just a
ball jointed neck a swivel waist
let me just happen here
so a waist ball hinge shoulders ball
hinge elbows will wrist ball hinge hips
thighs swivel double hinged knee and no
ankle articulation interesting both
share the same exact same accessories
accessories have not been repainted on
this figure they have the Cosmic Cube
which is a very very nice accessory it's
made of translucent plastic you can
actually hold it very well with the left
hand he's been having trouble standing
up because I haven't spread the like
properly but that he should be able to
stand up fairly well what's wrong
okay there we go both it excuse me
okay both of them have the very iconic
red skull pistol and that's not an
iconic vessel it's a German pistol of
World War two I forgot what it's called
but it's very classic red skull the way
they've had the way they've sculpted it
perhaps the barrel should have been a
little bit thinner but yeah I like it
I'm very happy with this sculpt it's as
close as you'll get to a very good
representation of the red skull pistol
also both of them have the same missile
launching weapon which is also present
in the armored hydra soldier figure in
wave 3 it's the same nothing's been
repainted even the missile is the same
colour exactly the same the handles are
made of rubbery plastic while the center
oh the main body of a gun is made of
hard plastic and the fires the missile
and missile fairly good the amount of
force I think yeah so very cool I don't
really need these probably just gonna go
into the bin but this red skull even
without those rocket firing accessories
they look very very cool so which one
should you get I like both I will
recommend you get both you're a big fan
of red skull big fan of Captain America
I get both of these figures if you have
absolutely have to get just one it my
answer is always gonna be the same it's
really up to you if you want a more
movie looking colored red skull they're
both movie series figures get this one
if you want a figure that's leaning
towards a more comic brighter colored
looking red skull and obviously you get
this one
I think this I'm not sure and don't read
a lot of Captain America comic books I
think this one is a lot closer to how we
look like in the comic books and I
suppose this one is more of how we look
like in the movie it's really up to you
but again as I said if you're really a
big fan of this character and the whole
Captain America comics and movies
especially the movie then I suggest you
pick up both both are equally mele easy
or equally difficult to find provided
that your local retailers have all the
waves of Captain America figures so
there you go a very very cool has weird
a wonderful job on this figure except
for some minor paint flaws the small
details but they're they're easily
forgivable yes you know even if there's
a few buttons that are miss painted here
and there it's in a great great figure
and how you recommend you guys pick it
up so there you go Captain America the
First Avenger movie series Red Skull
figure regular version in the variant
you find out more about my latest my
latest and most recent toy purchases and
upcoming reviews follow me on twitter at
wwe.com /fx friends thanks for watching